Universal has given earthquake its
maximum effort starting with a story and
screenplay written by George Fox and
Mario Puzo author of The Godfather
Universal has enriched this fascinating
drama of indir woven lives with a superb
cast Charlton Heston Ava Gardner George
Kennedy Lorne Greene
geneviève Bujold Richard Roundtree
Marjoe Gortner Barry Sullivan plus the
city of Los Angeles and it's millions of
people living loving planning fighting
until nature's most violent of evil
forces them to battle and claw for life
itself
Jim Stewart Graff sings down again yeah
I think we'll get faster action if you
cook I have two good Oregon this summer
all summer and a hydroelectric project
come up there they indicate another
pre-shock probably before noon today
mm-hmm
and if it happened then the big one
follows in 48 hours if this damn bus
there won't be nothing between here and
Wilshire Boulevard left a bird
Biron panic
heroism and cowardice sad ISM and
self-sacrifice hysteria and mass emotion
that will surround and engulf you
completely if you feel you are there
you're not gonna have to help yourselves
there's no boil need help - I've kept
trying finding is she more important
than me